Why is that?
This is my grandfather.
Sorry, the forensic doctor needs to do a DNA comparison first
Then handle it as a case
After the case is saved, it will be returned to the family for disposal.
How can I get it quickly?
It will be a month at the soonest.
I'm curious.
Why are you in such a hurry to get it?
Your grandfather's will
I don't understand you.
Sorry, we'll go back and wait for the notice.
Just left
Find another way
This plan is scrapped
It's getting dark
Let's go back and listen. People will read.
The master will teach us how to join the ranks of the undead
Seems to have come back in vain
My grandfather's remains
I don't even have the right to look at it.
Stop complaining
It won't be long.
Wait for them to come
I'll open the altar and make sure you run for the car
I had to drive from the middle.
You wait along the road
I will also try it first
You have to be careful!
It's okay, there are many of us.
Anyway, Wang Lin has been won over by us
It's better for us to have a bigger identity
You're leaving now
Don't miss the market by mistake